feat(py_console_script_binary)!: entry points with custom dependencies (#1363)
bazelbuild/rules_python: CHANGELOG.md

* Particular sub-systems are identified using parentheses, e.g. `(bzlmod)` or
  `(docs)`.

## Unreleased

### Added

> * (bzlmod, entry_point) Introduce a new
>   [`py_console_script_binary`](./docs/py_console_script_binary.md) macro to
>   `rules_python` workspace to produce a `py_binary` target for a
>   `console_script` entry within `entry_points.txt` `dist-info` file from a
>   Python wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (bzlmod, entry_point) Added
  [`py_console_script_binary`](./docs/py_console_script_binary.md), which
  allows adding custom dependencies to a package's entry points and customizing
  the `py_binary` rule used to build it.
```
